sign up at the end of this review to get
my personal gear list hi there
tony Policastro here from the acoustic
letter today we have a custom guitar
from the folks at Martin a single Oh
with 14th fret neck that we designed and
happen to pick out the wood for I
totally love it seriously totally love
it
one of my favorite small bodies in the
entire shop but before we get into this
instrument I will encourage you to sign
up for the acoustic letter it is a very
cool
service that we offer it's awesome it's
great to be a part of it you get mother
I will encourage you to sign up for the
acoustic letter it is just a cool thing
that we do we love guitars and we want
to share them with you so please sign up
on to this custom single Oh 14th fret
neck from the folks at Martin this is
kind of our little I don't want to say
experiment because we knew who's gonna
sound awesome but I don't know if we
knew is gonna sound this awesome
this custom single features a bunch of
really cool stuff let me give you the
rundown we have a custom amber tone
sunburst all through the top premium
sickest bruised top along with check
this out a hand selected bird's-eye
maple back and sides on a single oh body
the bracing is quarter-inch scalloped
super super responsive we have a vintage
style pyramid bridge with a long saddle
we have a bone saddle we have a one and
three-quarter inch nut we have an ebony
fingerboard with small dot inlay we also
have classic square slot head headstock
with Waverly white button tuners a
beautiful torch in length done in
abalone on a bird's-eye maple headstock
overlay we also have the classic Martin
stamp there in the back and a modified
v-neck profile which also has that amber
tone sunburst this guitar is visually as
you can see totally stunning oh that's
what we forgot to mention we have this
really cool multicolored purfling around
the top set off with rosewood binding
this guitar just is class and it sounds
amazing so let's give this cool custom
single oh 14 Fred to play so you can
hear what it sounds like
I love this guitar I want to own this
guitar in a big bad seriously big bad
way
that the thing rings forever
interested in this guitar go to acoustic
letter calm now and email us with your
questions for more acoustic reviews and
comparisons click the button to
subscribe to our YouTube channel